0.  Jpeg and png supports 16.8 million colors.  Gifs and bmps only support 256 colors.  

1.  Gif files support animation

2.  Lossy compression, compresses a file in such a way that not all the data is stored in the compression and when
    the image is uncompressed it is not the same as the original image.  When compressed it takes up more space than lossless
    compression which when uncompressed returns an exact copy of the original image.
    
3.  Jpeg is lossey compressed.

4.  When a file is deleted on a FAT the pointer is deleted, however the data still exists on the hard drive
    it is just unknown in the table where to look on the hard drivce to access those files.
    
5.  Short of physically distengrating your hard drive you can sanatize your drive by going over it with junk data to clear
    the stored information in those blocks.

6.  Stdint.h is a library containing different types of integers like unsigned ints and ints capable of storing larger numbers

7.  The benefit of using int_32t is that it allows you to use both positive and negative numbers up to 2^30-1
    while an uint_32t only gives positive numbers up to 2^31-1.  The other uints listed only do positive numbers but only 
    go up to only use 1 byte or 2 bytes saving space.
    
8.  A BYTE is 1 byte.  A WORD is 2 bytes and a DWORD is 4 bytes.  A Long is 4 bytes.

9.  The first two bytes of a bmp file can be represented in as "BM".

10. The bfSize file has the size of the entire bmp file.  The biSize is the size of the file without the headers.

11. If bfHeight is negative that means the image is stored so the right side up, otherwise it is stored upside down.

12. biBitCount is where the information is stored on the number of bits per pixel.

13. fopen may return null if the system is out of memory resources or does not have permission to write the file.

14. The third argument of fread is always 1 because this is the parameter that tells fread how many bytes to read
    at a time.
    
15. The padding would be 3 given a biWidth of 3.

16. fseek moves the file steam pointer to a different position offset by a specified amount
    from the location specified.

17. SEEK_CUR is the current position of the file in the file stream.

18. TODO
